hey guys what is up back with another
episode weekly sneaky rotation and thank
you so much for their support that I
have been getting on this series so far
if you guys keep that up that would mean
a lot so go down there just hit the like
button really quick to show me you're
still enjoying this series anyway first
off on Monday this was day two of my New
York vacation and I broke out the Air
Jordan futures in this gym red color way
these things are amazing just all red
white midsole red bottom white traction
pods really simple but they just look
very very nice in my opinion the Jordan
future gym red on Tuesday keeping it in
the comfortable I was still in New York
day 3 and yeah were these things in Nike
free Flyknit 3.0 just this black and
white color a very simple but you know
this is a great shoe to walk around the
city in and I was doing a lot of walking
so glad I picked these guys up just a
very nice shoe overall and just very
comfortable there's not much I can say
about this amazing shoe go check out the
video I did on these Nike free flying at
3.0 on Wednesday broke out a classic
shoe I picked these up in New York at
the band's store the day prior I picked
these up on Tuesday and went straight to
wearing them on Wednesday the Vans skate
high classic black and white colourway
just an amazing iconic shoe you guys
have all seen this before but you know
60 bucks you can't go wrong with these
actually surprisingly comfortable did
not expect these to be as comfortable as
they were like they're still not up
there with like LeBron tens or anything
like that but you know your feet are not
going to get sore wearing these so this
would have wore on Wednesday and I'm
pretty pleased that I picked these guys
up Thursday I flew back from New York
and in the evening I went for ice cream
after I was home so you know I just
threw these on didn't really feel like
throwing on something fancy just threw
these uh nice comfortable the Nike Roshi
run to Winnipeg winters Thank You Ben
Zayn kicks once again but these things
are awesome I just I love the suede mid
panel on these my favorite part of the
shoe by fire and that die cut swoosh
just an amazing shoe and that is what I
wore on Thursday oh and that's what my
girlfriend wore
Friday I forgot that was in there Friday
I wore the woodies even called my mind
is distracted now Air Force One
downtown Liberty art spec and this is
just a very nice shoe in my opinion I
love the like the paintbrush splatters
it looks like a time lapse picture of
like car lights moving by that's my
girlfriend said and I really agree with
that really does look like that but
amazing shoe and it's actually very
comfortable so that's what I wore on
Friday Air Force one downtown the
Liberty arts and on Saturday I wore my
adidas flip-flops you guys have seen
these before just a lazy day at home
didn't really go anywhere on Saturday so
yeah I just threw these guys on right
here and not much to be said just
flip-flops on Sunday finally my favorite
shoe I wore this week the Nike fly
stepper 2k3
all red everything red Octobers gym reds
whatever you want to call them love
these things $95 retail pick these up in
New York and these things are sick like
these are amazing I want to go buy a
second pair of these right now I'm gonna
find out if they're in my mall and I
might buy a second pair of them because
these things are sexy like just all red
everything this old lady at the grocery
store complimented me on them but yeah
that's it for this week's rotation guys
hit that like button if you haven't
already and if you're new to my channel
please hit that subscribe button
peace